MIP40c3-SPXX: Immunefi Security Core Unit Budget - IS-001


Sentence Summary
MIP40c3-SPXX adds the DAI budget for Core Unit IS-001: Immunefi Security.


Paragraph Summary
MIP40c3-SPXX adds the budget for Core Unit IS-001: Immunefi Security. It contains:
* Total Budget Cap: The hard limit voted on by Governance
* First-month forecast: The actual first month estimated expenses
* Regular monthly forecast


Specification


Motivation
Based on the nature of the work done by the Immunefi Security Core Unit, the budget reflects the needs of the team to ensure continuity of the work described in our MIP39c2. This is summarized in, but not limited to:
* Identification of critical infrastructure and people
* Initial triaging service for the upcoming bug bounty program
* Incidence response set up and facilitation 
* Educational content creation around security
* General security advisory 
* On-call security advisory
Core Unit ID
IS-001


Budget Implementation
The budget is designed with the following in mind:
* Operational costs to run the core unit and perform its tasks 
* Operational costs of third parties contracted
* Legal expenses
* Having a buffer for unexpected legal, technical, or financial problems


Therefore, a vote to ratify this MIP means MKR holders make a commitment to:
* Funding an initial 6 month budget for IS-001
* A continuous funding model based on the SES top-up mechanism


Team Summary
Team members
	Amount
	Facilitator
	1
	Deputy Facilitator
	1
	Team Total
	2
	

External Team Summary
Team Unit
	Immunefi 
	Chain Security 
	DeFi Safety
	Team Total: 3
	



Budget Cap Breakdown


Dai Expenditure
We will be asking for a Total Budget Cap spanning a 6-month runway, the amount of which is currently TBD. 
The budget cap will differ from the actual expenses of the core unit. The cap refers to the maximum that the core unit can request for operating and it includes room for unforeseen circumstances.




Budget Breakdown:
Summary
	Monthly Cost
	Quarterly
	Facilitator
	TBD
	TBD
	Deputy Facilitator
	$6 000
	$18 000
	Immunefi
	TBD
	TBD
[a]	
ChainSecurity
	TBD
	TBD
	DeFi Safety
	TBD
	TBD
	Software and Infrastructure Expenses
	TBD
	TBD
	Company Setup (1st year)
	$2200 (year)
	$2200 (year)
	Total
	TBD
	TBD
	+ Contigency Buffer (15%)
	TBD
	TBD
	

Budget Details:
Providing additional detail with regards to the above line items:


Facilitator


Though listed as an individual, the compensation will be provided directly to Immunefi, pending MIP41c4-SPXX. All costs are only inclusive of all work done by the Facilitator. The Facilitator’s hourly commitment will initially be extensive and decreasing over time until a floor limit is reached, though will increase the hourly contributions as necessary. The quote provided assumes the maximum amount of hours.




Deputy Facilitator


The Deputy Facilitator will work a minimum of 24 hours per week, increasing the number of hours as necessary as well as having a planned increase to a full time role as the Core Unit progresses. Like the Facilitator, all costs are only inclusive of all work done by the Deputy Facilitator.




Immunefi - https://immunefi.com 


In addition to the contributions of the Facilitator, Immunefi will also provide professional services including, but not limited to:


* Initial triaging of bug reports
* Content creation
   * Postmortems
   * General ecosystem security content
   * Core unit focused security content
* Security advisory services
   * Office hours support 
   * On-call security advisory
* Incidence response facilitation support


The provision of Operational Security Services will be covered under a separate budget proposal. 




ChainSecurity - https://chainsecurity.com 


The company, which provides software audits for the MakerDAO smart contracts, will provide final triaging services for smart contract bug reports as well as provide technical assistance during incident response.




DeFi Safety - https://defisafety.com 


The company, which provides security scoring for DeFi projects, as well as provides recommendations to projects to increase their security levels, will provide assistance with the identification of critical infrastructure and people and incident response preparedness. 


The company’s contribution to the Operational Security Services will be covered under a separate budget proposal. 




Software and Infrastructure Expenses


These expenses will include, but will not be strictly limited to, the setup and maintenance of:


* Secure communications channels for sensitive discussions
* General communications tools for office hours, general updates, etc. 
* Backups and/or primary hosting for identified critical infrastructure
* Internal organizational tools


These expenses will also include the provision of a premium testing environment for bug bounty hunters. 




Company Setup


Fees include all legal and administrative expenses for the creation and maintenance of the Immunefi Security Core Unit entity as a limited liability company for one year.




Monthly Budget Statement
Within the first 5 days of each month, IS will submit a Monthly Budget Statement to the signers of the Auditors Wallet with the following sections:
1. Budget Forecast - The amount of Dai that is required to maintain a 3 month operational runway.
2. Previous Month Actuals - The actual expenses (DAI and MKR) of the month that just ended
3. MKR Vesting Overview - a schedule of the expected MKR vesting amounts for the current team configuration, grouped by the pay-out month.
4. Transaction Amounts
   * The required DAI amount for the Operational Wallet to replenish the 3 month operational runway
   * Any excess DAI amount that will be returned to the Auditors Wallet


[a]To be finalized by Tuesday evening CEST